# Menu Maker

This is development code, if you weren't sent here to look at it then you don't need it.


## Public Preview

If you wish to look at this code in action, the following URL is a heroku dyno that you can view:

https://menu-maker-30a9de406605.herokuapp.com

This is a dyno so it falls asleep after activity and you will probably be waking it up. That means it could take a second on the first load.

If you have any sort of comment, you can open a PR.

## Express on Heroku

This repo has been setup to run in prod mode on heroku, but it is in no way secure or recommended for public use. To run it with ng instead of express you must change the package.json start parameter to reflect which one you want. If you don't know how to do that, then you probably don't want to do that.

## The following is auto generated by ng and may not be accurate to this project:



## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
